[THUNDER ROLLING]
[CLICK SOUND]
[WHOOSHING SOUND]
[FAINT CLUB MUSIC CREEPS
IN OVER LIGHT TALKING]
[CITY NOISE CONTINUES]
[LIGHT DRONING]
¶DANCE MUSIC PLAYS¶
JESS-JIZZ:
Woof.
REINA PRINCESA:
Nah girl, that is
some cut up cocaine.
No. Reina, look over there.
Oh, in the mask?
Yeah, the really fucking
hot dude in the mask.
Mhmm, do you
know his name?
Nope, but I'm gonna.
Well, when you figure
that one out, hit me up.
Also when you find
some good cocaine, please.
Googoo, wanna come help
me find my boyfriend?
GOOGOO:
Yeah, I'll come with.
Girl, that is some capital T
Trade. You better get it.
Alright, I'll take
one for the team.
¶CLUB MUSIC CONTINUES¶
LADY HAVOKK:
Hey Jess!
Looking good henny.
Hey Havokk, you look...cute.
Thanks girl. I made
this wig last night.
Isn't it amazing? I mean, and
then I was like what should I
wear?
and I literally, liter-
Shut up, Lady Havokk!
I'm trying to get
that trade over there.
Fine, bitch.
¶MUSIC DRONES IN
AND OUT AND CONTINUES¶
¶BEATS CONTINUE]
So, whats up?
I don't think I've seen
you around here before.
Pretty sure I would know a sexy
unicorn if I had seen one once.
Do you want a bump?
Dude! What the fuck?
That shit is like twenty
dollars, what are you doing?
Oh, fuck yeah!
Are you fucking
kidding me?
That is so selfish. Whatever.
[MOANING AND SLURPING SOUNDS]
[SOUNDS CONTINUE
OVER DANCE MUSIC]
[DRAMATIC AMBIENCE FADES IN]
[SHARP KNIFE SOUND
OVER FAINT HEARTBEAT SOUNDS]
[SPORADIC VIOLIN SOUNDS]
[DRAMATIC AMBIENCE INTENSIFIES]
¶DANCE MUSIC CONTINUES¶
Fuck! Coke.
Oh My God JJ!
-Coke, Listen to me--
-How cute is this party?
I heard that you have some
really shitty coke but that
you're sharing--
-Listen--
-There's a--
-we could go into the bathroom
and do a bump?
-Coke, Listen to me!
There's a dude in the bathroom
that I was trying to blow
-Stop it! That sounds so hot.
-He's trying to kill me!
Do you think
he'll let me blow him?
Coke, Listen! He's--
Oh My God it's Gary Garbaj.
He's got some K probably.
Let me know
how it goes with that guy!
Coke!
QUEER PARTYGOER #1:
Girl! I love this blood.
QUEER PARTYGOER #2:
Oh My God I love it!
Where did you get it?
It's very Kylie Jenner
at the butcher shop.
-Work bitch!
-Yasss.
There's a
unicorn trying to kill me!
Please help me.
I don't have
anymore drink tickets
Drinks are only
three dollars at the bar
Fuck, move!
Fine, bitch!
See, this is why nobody
likes her. She's a cunt.
Girl, if you leave
you're not coming back in.
Fine, bitch.
Somebody help!
Oh My God.
Someone help please!
Oh my God, help!
Oh.
[DISTANT PARTY MUSIC CONTINUES]
[DRAMATIC HIT]
[CREEPY AMBIENCE PLAYS]
¶TECHNO MUSIC PLAYS¶
[DRAMATIC HITS]
¶TECHNO MUSIC WITH DRAMATIC HITS
INCREASE AND INTENSIFY¶
Fuck.
Come on. Fuck.
Oh! God!
Oh, please! No!
[SCREAMING INTENSIFIES]
No, please. Don't. Don't!
I know who you are.
I didn't want to do it, it's
haunted me ever since.
Please, no!
[KNIFE SLASHING SOUND]
[LOW OPERATIC LIKE SINGING]
MDME. MORTIMER:
I am so over this. Let's go
out and have a cigarette.
PUPPYPUP:
Oh no wait, I wanna see what
Viva Section is going to do.
She's performing in a minute.
Honey, I have to find
a guy tonight.
I need some
place to crash.
HORSE FOO:
You homeless cunt.
Four years bitch, not paying
rent and still going!
Really, where's the coke though?
Uhhhhh...
Oh! I think JJ has
got some good shit.
She was cutting up her crappy
cocaine with my credit card
and now she has it and I don't
know how I'm gonna get home.
Are you leaving already?
Oh, hey babe,
have you seen JJ?
She has our credit card.
REINA'S BOYFRIEND:
Oh My God, are you
fucking kidding me?
I know, I'm sorry.
Girl, you look cute in
this dress. I am g-g-gagging.
Thanks Horse. Are we lucky
enough to have you performing
for us tonight?
-Girl no, you wish.
Viva Section
is performing though.
I haven't seen her, she
was supposed to be here two
hours ago.
-That bitch never shows up on
time girl, nobody wants to book
her, nobody even likes her.
Well, she turns it sometimes.
Oh my God, hey guys!
Let's go down to the
bodega and get a lime-a-rita.
Coke, baby, have you seen JJ?
I don't know. I ran into JJ a
while ago and she was doing blow
with some guy in a unicorn
mask in the bathroom and then I
think they went home to
like...bone or something.
-Gugu!
-Yassss queen!
About time.
Girl, have you
seen JJ? She has my credit card.
Did she go home with that guy?
No, JJ didn't go home with him.
She's passed out over there in
the corner. Ha ha ha!
That bitch!
Well I'll go
help you wake her up.
Why don't you just let
her choke in her own vomit?
Okay, cool it, alright? Babe do
you wanna go get a drink?
Yeah, yeah. Let's go.
I'll help
you in a minute though.
I'm gonna go that way.
Yasss JJ!
What is going on?
Hold on.
¶CLUB MUSIC CONTINUES¶
Fuck!
Holy shit! When did she
have time to put on prosthetics?
I don't know. I don't know.
She didn't have that shit on
when I saw her. JJ?
¶DANCE MUSIC CONTINUES¶
What...the...fuck!
[INTENSE GIRLISH SCREAMS]
[CINEMATIC HIT]
¶UPBEAT DANCE MUSIC PLAYS¶
¶UPBEAT DANCE MUSIC CONTINUES¶
¶MUSIC CONTINUES WITH A LOW
DRONING AND OPERATIC HUMMING¶
¶MUSIC CONTINUES
WITH A LOW DRONE¶
¶ELECTRONIC DANCE
MUSIC CONTINUES¶
[INTENSIFIED AMBIENCE]
[CITY NOISE WITH
FAINT SIREN SOUND]
[SOUND OF KEYS JANGLING]
[BOING]
[DOOR SQUEAKING SOUND]
[DRAMATIC AMBIENCE]
¶PLAYFUL UPLIFTING MUSIC¶
[BOING]
CHOLATA:
Hey boo.
DANNY:
Hey Cholata.
-How are you feeling?
-Fucked.
Why are you
working? Go home.
Collin can
cover your shift.
I'd rather be distracted about
it here thank think about it at
home.
-True that, true that.
Do you need help opening up?
Sure, you got any?
Girl, you know I always do.
She's always carrying.
Good shit.
Who'd you get it from?
Gary Garbaj.
Ew. He's never had good stuff.
I'm surprised he upped his game.
I haven't seen him in a moment.
Girl, you haven't
gone out in a moment.
I just don't feel safe.
With what happened to JJ...I
think it's just all too much.
That's not fair, what
happened to you was a year ago.
Yeah, I changed.
Yeah. You changed your shifts to
opening but girl, you can't be
afraid of the night,
you need to face that shit.
Literally,
everybody has said the exact
same thing to
me like a thousand times.
I know. It's
because we care for you, stupid.
But there is a killer on the
loose. We don't know who killed
JJ or what really happened.
Yeah, but we are not
gonna let fear take over our
lives. We're gay,
that's what we do.
[PHONE BUZZES]
Oh, Gayson and Ben
are around the corner.
Oh, cool.
[BOING]
GAYSON:
Oh, hey my puta Spanish fly!
BEN:
Hi!
Hey girl!
Hi,
how are you hun? Hi Ben!
What's up boo?
This is Pup.
Your new pup?
PUPPYPUP:
No, that's
what they call me, PuppyPup.
Oh, hi. Hi,
I'm Danny.
Hi.
What are you guys up to?
GAYSON:
Oh you know, chilling,
same shit different day.
You're coming to the
funeral tonight, right?
I am. Only for JJ.
BEN:
Everyone is
performing. It's gonna be
house-down-boots!
I'm kind of excited to
see everyone together again, and
to honor JJ's memory.
Oh she would've loved a
big show revolve around her.
True!
-Excuse me?
-Oh, I'm sorry.
Oh, I'm sorry I just--
I didn't know you knew her.
Yeah,
Pup's new to the scene.
Right. Well, I'm gonna go
finish setting up for the
tribute tonight, and
then I'm working the first
shift and I'm gonna stick
around afterwards to see what
everyone's been up to.
You guys don't
have any leads, do you?
I wasn't at that party.
Neither was I.
Uhm, Gayson and I were but--
So the cops questioned you too?
They questioned all of us but we
don't really know much more
beyond that.
Girl, and my cop,
he investigated my
Oh God, okay!
I'll see you tonight.
BEN:
Hey,
what about Enema?
What about it?
Girl, you
have to come!
It might be one of the last
parties that's fun, since the
cops are all up in our shit and
blaming it all on the fags.
I don't think it that
would be the end of the world.
Ugh, yes it would because I need
to do my coke in public, like a
decent human being!
Just come get douched and dance.
It'll be fun! It's
going to be such a carry.
Gayson shut up. If Danny doesn't
want to go to the party, he
doesn't have to.
We've all been through it.
Well, you have a day and
a half to think about it,
so you
better come through!
DANNY:
Okay, we'll see.
Hey you aren't
open yet, are you?
Nope. Not yet.
Alright. Well, we are gonna
go grab a drink and we'll see
you at the
memorial tonight, okay?
GAYSON:
Oh look, there's Collin!
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
-Hey!
-Hi love.
Danny is really cute.
Yeah, I know right?
He is, but good
luck hooking up with that one.
Well, he is
boyfriend material.
Girl, please!
What happened to him?
You guys were so weird about the
enema party.
He doesn't like
talking about it.
Well, basically
last year at the enema party he
got like raped by some dude and
it was really intense, and now
he doesn't go out.
Oh My God. Who was he?
What happened to the guy?
I don't think anybody knows.
We didn't know who he was and
then he just disappeared.
Sorry I couldn't
come see you before I--
No, it's okay. It's not like
I left my house to begin
with...But tonight is gonna be
cute, despite the circumstances.
It is! Do we
know who's performing yet?
Girl, everybody.
Work!
Also, where did
that Pup come from?
He's new. I think he moved here
from Virginia or something.
He's a cutie.
-He is.
-Girl go try it.
Oh yeah, PuppyPup. He cute,
you should totally get it.
No, I don't wanna lead
him on and I don't think I'm
ready yet.
Girl, its Brooklyn. You
could use a little hookup.
Plus, he looks
like he gives good head.
-Power bottom.
-Ride that dick!
Okay girl, I'm
gonna see you later.
I'm gonna
take a little disco nap.
Alright. I'm
gonna go finish setting up.
Alright cool.
I'll be there in a second.
Alright.
[ELECTRONIC MUSIC PLAYS]
That was quick!
I know.
You wanna grab a bite
to eat before we open?
Yeah but what
if people start coming
The party starts at eight so
people won't show up until like
nine or so.
True.
¶ELECTRONIC
DANCE MUSIC CONTINUES¶
[RAIN SOUNDS AND CITY NOISE]
¶MUSIC CONTINUES
OVER SQUEAKY DOOR¶
LADY HAVOKK:
Hey, Danny?
Hello?
Really? Nobody?
You're hosting
a party and nobody even bothers
to open the bar for you?
It's cute though, shame it's
for such a bitch like JJ
[DRAMATIC AMBIENCE AND NOISES]
Danny is that you?
I need you to get up here and
give me drink tickets and help
me set up the sound.
[NOISES AND RATTLING]
Fuck me Danny!
I really wanted this to be
perfect for JJ and so did you.
What are you
doing in the basement?
Wait, are you guys
doing drugs?
Give me drugs!
[DRAMATIC AMBIENCE CONTINUES]
Really bitch?
No one's gonna answer me?
This is some
scary movie bullshit.
[DRAMATIC AMBIENCE CONTINUES]
[CINEMATIC HIT]
Holy fuck! Who are you?
Are you the new go-go boy?
No, but really who are you?
Oh honey,
that's tucked to a T.
That's not coming out until
after the shows but luckily I
don't mind ruining my lipstick.
Oh wow, that's a
big bulge. Should be glad I have
no gag reflex.
What the fuck?
[DRAMATIC AND TENSION
FILLED AMBIENCE FLOODS SCENE]
Oh my God! Oh my God! Please!
Somebody help!
Ahhh!
Screw you asshole!
I'm Colombian and Jewish and
I have Aspergers so fuck you!
[HEAVY BREATHING SOUNDS]
¶DANCE MUSIC FLOODS THE SCENE¶
QUARTER POUND:
Where the
fuck have ya'll been?
We've been at the bar
waiting for a drink for an hour!
Oh come on.
You all just got here.
And how did you all get in?
Yeah, didn't you lock it?
Door was open,
and we need a drink!
It's whatever.
Have you all seen Havokk?
No, but you know her, she
won't be here until halfway
through her first set.
I'll have a shot of Fireball and
a martini in a pint glass.
Okay. Hi Morti,
I'm good, how are you?
It's Madame Mortimer.
Alright, Madame Mortimer.
That will be twelve dollars.
I'm a Brooklyn staple.
Then that will be
twelve dollars plus tip.
Fuck you!
Miss you too bitch. It'll be
good to have everybody back
together. We all really
need each other tonight.
It's gonna be cute.
Love you guys.
Can I get a whiskey ginger?
¶TRANCE MUSIC PLAYS¶
¶NIGHTS ABOUT TO END¶
¶THE LIGHTS ARE COMING¶
¶TAKE A LOOK AROUND
AND BREATHE IN THE BEAUTY¶
¶SEE YOUR PAIN¶
¶LIFT YOURSELF UP¶
¶BLOW YOUR WOUNDS
AWAY RETURN TO ROUTINE¶
¶I'M ON EVERY STEP YOU TAKE¶
¶I AM HERE TO GUIDE
YOU TO DREAM HOUSE¶
¶FIND ME¶
¶STOP WAITING FOR ME¶
¶THEY DESTROY US¶
¶WE WILL FIGHT THEM¶
¶FIND ME¶
¶WHAT WILL COME WILL COME¶
¶YOU WILL FIND
ME WHEN YOU HAVE TO¶
¶FIND ME¶
¶I AM HERE TO GUIDE
YOU TO DREAM HOUSE¶
¶FIND ME¶
[APPLAUSES AND CHEERING]
CUNT STANLEY:
Hello everyone I'm Cunt Stanley!
We're here tonight to
celebrate our sister, our
friend, and the first
person to ever give me crabs.
I know...Jess-Jizz!
[CROWD CHEERING]
Lady Havokk
was supposed to host tonight, of
course, but the loud bitch
couldn't make it, so I'm the
better friend.
I'm the better friend JJ...
But we are all here tonight to
celebrate the fierce queen that
JJ was.
She gave shows, she gave looks,
and allegedly she was a good
person.
OWW!
However, I must remind you that
the police have zero leads on
who could've done this.
So if you remember anything at
all from the night of
Psycho Sodomites
please let the po-po know!
Let the po-po know.
And if you can't let the po-po
know then you come to me and
I'll kill that motherfucker
myself because JJ deserved
justice!
Now raise your glasses, and if
you don't have one you can go
to the bar for Danny and Collin,
it is a full service bar, so you
can have whatever you want
but don't forget to tip.
Now glasses up motherfuckers!
To JJ.
She will live in our
hearts, in our minds and in my
wardrobe because I used to steal
her tights I didn't mean to
I could've just
asked but I took them.
No! No! To JJ!
AUDIENCE:
To JJ!
Now get ready for some
more shows and more party in
honor of our girl
give it up for your DJ Garbaj.
¶UPBEAT ELECTRONIC MUSIC
PLAYS OVER CHEERING CROWD¶
I'm off in a minute do
you need anything else?
Uh ,Nah.
Alright.
But don't leave yet!
I wasn't, I'm gonna stick
around for the performances
Sweet.
Hey.
Hi Pup,
what can I get you?
Can I get a vodka soda please?
¶ELECTRONIC
DANCE MUSIC CONTINUES¶
This one is on me.
Did you wanna
go and smoke some?
-Bud?
-Yeah.
Fuck yeah. I get off in a
minute and I'll meet you
outside.
-Sweet.
A joint date.
The best kind.
Oh my God, go!
-What?
-Yeah go get that cute trade and
enjoy the night, I can manage.
Are you sure?
All these fags are too broke  to
buy any more drinks anyways
and if anything,
more tips for me.
Fuck you. Thanks, boo!
You got it babe.
Here to a special
tribute to our girl Jess-Jizz is
your hometown girl, Ruby Falls.
RUBY FALLS:
Hello hello hello everybody,
this one is for my sis down in
gay hell. Jess Jizz.
Love you honey. I miss you.
¶ELECTRONIC DANCE MUSIC PLAYS¶
There's no wifi here.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
That is funny. I love
it, werk! I need a bump and a
drink ticket.
Oh my God, Danny!
I missed you
so much. Don't ever leave me.
-Let's get turnt.
-Hi honey.
She needed some alone time,
now she's finally with us.
We missed you baby.
You have to come over
for dinner next week sometime.
Oh my God, we could have
a cute night of wine and weed.
Oh my God
that sounds perf!
We have so much tea
to catch you up on.
Oh my God, Cunt!
Ohmigosh, Danny!
Hi nugget, how are you?
Been well you know,
keeping to myself.
Sure, sure, sure. Well,
I love seeing you out baby.
-I miss you.
-Eh enough with the sob stories.
-Bitch.
-Does anyone have a cigarette?
She's so testy
now, I told you.
I don't have one for you
or myself, but come on.
I know. Such a bitch.
MDME. MORTIMER:
Yaaas.
¶TECHNO DANCE MUSIC CONTINUES¶
¶DANCE MUSIC CONTINUES¶
¶DANCE MUSIC SLOWLY FADES OUT¶
[CROWD APPLAUSE]
Alright assholes,
I'm out of here.
Who's coming to Scope?
Oh My God yes!
I might go for
like a minute. Collin?
Danny?
I think I've had
enough for one night.
Come on!
TIM:
I am down. Gayson and Ben are
already there and I wanna hook
up with Ben.
Hook up with Ben?
You mean get fisted by him?
Uh, I think I'm gonna
call it a night as well.
Really? You?
Yeah, right. He just wants to
fuck Danny. I'm out of here.
Let's go fags.
Danny, you should really
come with us tomorrow, it's
gonna be fun! It
would be good for you.
I'll think about it.
Alright. Have fun.
Bye.
I think I'm
gonna go home too guys.
Alright, well it
was good seeing you honey.
Bye cuties. Use protection.
I'm on PrEP.
Girl, all the more reason to use
a condom you dirty whore.
-Taxi! Come on, bitch.
-Wait up,coming with you.
Bye!
So, do you wanna wait for
the subway together?
At this time of the
night is gonna take forever.
I ain't mad about that.
Okay.
[BOING]
[DRAMATIC AMBIENCE]
¶ELECTRONIC MUSIC PLAYS¶
I didn't realize it was gonna
snow tonight, how far is your
place?
-It's right up here.
So uhm--how many of these
parties have these queens
dragged you out to?
Uh, we went to a really
fun one a couple of weeks ago.
I don't remember what it was
called uhm...Coke and Gary took
me...Hail? Hail satan?
Hail Satan and Bottoms Party!
It was fun.
I haven't been to one
of those parties in forever.
They're fun in like a I
can't walk for the next three
days kind of way.
Pretty much.
[RATTLING SOUNDS]
What was that?
Probably a rat.
That was a big ass rat.
Sounded like a horse.
It's probably like some
drunk guy or something.
I'm close-by.
[DRAMATIC AMBIENCE
AND RATTLING CONTINUES]
It's f--It's a
safe neighborhood. It's fine.
[RATTLING AND LOUD HIT]
But that doesn't mean we
can't walk a little bit faster.
[DRAMATIC AMBIENCE INTENSIFIES
AND BECOMES CREEPY]
Duck! Run!
¶LIGHT CREEPY MUSIC PLAYS¶
What was that?
A psychopath!
Fuck! I need a drink.
You want something?
To smoke, yeah.
That too.
Beer fine?
Yeah, sure. Nice place.
Thanks!
Who do you live with?
Just me. Myself.
Damn. Lucky.
Thanks.
Give me one second.
¶SENSUAL MUSIC PLAYS¶
So, how come I haven't
you at any of the parties?
I'm pretty sure my
friends have told you why.
They mentioned a thing or two.
Hey, I think you're cute.
Let's not ruin this by talking
about things that have
happened in the past.
Agreed. Sorry, I'm just still
a little shaken about what
happened earlier.
It's alright.
We're here, we're safe.
-That's all that matters.
-Yeah.
¶I'M WAITING FOR YOU
TO SHOW ME SATAN¶
¶CAN'T YOU SEE I'M
RUNNING OUT OF PATIENCE¶
¶PATIENCE¶
¶OPENING, SPREAD IT WIDE¶
¶COME AND TAKE ME¶
¶GET INSIDE¶
¶GET INSIDE,
G-GET INSIDE¶
G-G-GET INSIDE¶
¶YOU KNOW THAT I DON'T
LIKE TO PLAY THESE GAMES¶
¶PRETENDING LIKE
YOU FORGOT WHAT'S MY NAME¶
Come on.
¶CAUSE I WANT YOU TO FUCK ME UP¶
¶I SAID FUCK ME UP¶
¶YOU CAN DO
ANYTHING YOU WANT TO ME¶
¶YOU CAN PRETEND
LIKE I'M YOUR PROPERTY¶
¶I WANT YOU TO--¶
¶OPENING, SPREAD IT WIDE¶
¶COME AND TAKE ME¶
¶GET INSIDE¶
¶GET INSIDE, G-G-GET INSIDE¶
¶YOU KNOW THAT I
DON'T LIKE TO PLAY THESE GAMES¶
¶PRETENDING LIKE
YOU FORGOT WHAT'S MY NAME¶
¶KEEP STRETCHING OUT THAT HOLE,
BOY BRING THE PAIN¶
¶CAUSE I WANT YOU TO FUCK ME UP¶
¶I SAID FUCK ME UP¶
¶YOU CAN DO ANYTHING
YOU WANT TO ME¶
¶YOU CAN PRETEND LIKE
I'M YOUR PROPERTY¶
¶I WANT YOU TO FUCK ME UP¶
[HEAVY BREATHING AND MOANING]
¶I SAID FUCK ME UP¶
¶I'M WAITING FOR YOU
TO SHOW ME SATAN¶
¶CAN'T YOU SEE I'M
RUNNING OUT OF PATIENCE¶
¶PATIENCE¶
¶YOU CAN PRETEND LIKE
I'M YOUR PROPERTY¶
¶I WANT YOU TO--¶
[MUSIC FADES]
[PHONE BUZZING]
What?
Your phone is going crazy.
What time is it?
Noon.
When did we pass out?
I have no idea.
[PHONE BUZZING]
Oh my God, shut up!
Danm.
What?
Nothing.
Nothing at all.
¶DRAMATIC AND SCARY MUSIC PLAYS¶
What the fuck?
What? Why are you on
Grindr when there is a severed
head in your closet?
What is going on?
I don't know.
Wha-th-then we
need to call the cops.
-No we can't!
-Why?
Everyone on
my grid is a Unicorn.
Don't you get it?
The last person Jess was seen
with before she died was a
Unicorn. The guy who chased
us last night, and the guy who
I've been messaging on Grindr
has a Unicorn for his picture;
he told me to look in my closet
and asked me if I liked my gift.
If the guy who chased us last
night did this then we need to
get out of here right now!
No! We need to
call everyone right now.
Hurry up! Get out your phone and
call Coke, call Gayson, call
Mortimer, they need to
come over right away.
You rather show the
head to your friends than
getting out of here
and calling the cops?
-Fuck tha--
-He is going to kill us all!
Unless they
come over right away!
Tell them to come over.
Okay. But I need
to know what's going on.
Girl, that party was cunt.
I was living.
But, uh, lil Tim was
getting kind of aggressive.
Oh yeah because
he wants that D!
I don't know how we are gonna
survive tonight though.
I know. I feel like we
should go take a disco nap
before the enema party.
Yeah girl, we are out.
I'm down to drink a little more.
LIL TIM:
Mess!
Girl, bye!
[PHONE BUZZING]
Oh it's Danny.
Ooh! Can I pick up?
-Yeah.
-Thanks!
Danny! How did last
night go with that pup?
-Arf!
-Did you sniff his ass?
What did it smell like?
What did it taste like?
You know I love
some puppy play.
Rawr!
Girl, calm down.
Wait, what?
Uhm, yeah, I'm here with
everybody from last night.
No. No one's gone missing.
Girl what are you talking about?
-Wasted.
-Yeah. Okay, okay. I'm here
with Coke, Morti, Gary...
Okay I won't bring Gary.
Ben and Lil Tim just left,
they went to take a
nap...I don't know.
Call them!
Okay! Okay! We're not far.
We'll be
there in like twenty.
What the hell was that about?
We have to go
over to his place.
Right now? What
are we supposed to do with Gary?
Just leave him here or what?
I don't know but, least he'll
have somewhere fun to sleep.
-Let's go! Let's go!
-Oh shit!
Okay, so mostly everybody is on
their way, Cholata will be here
very soon.
What we need to do
is, we need to make a facebook
status saying that if anybody
sees any of the other queens,
they need have them get in
contact with me asap.
Okay. Okay, so now that everyone
knows can you please tell me
what's going on?
Yeah.
Uhm.
You deserve to know.
I just need you to
understand what happened.
One year ago at last year's
Brooklyn's Annual Enema Party:
Where you come get
douched and dance...
we all--
We all--
We all killed someone.
Well...well, I
thought we did but apparently we
didn't because
now he's trying to kill us!
-What?
-No, no ,no. Listen.
Let me
start from the beginning.
¶FAINT CLUB MUSIC
AND CITY NOISE¶
[FAINT CHATTER AND LAUGHTER]
¶MUSIC AND CHATTER CONTINUES¶
-Heyyy!
DOOR GIRL: What's up babes?
Hey boo,
how are you doing?
Girl, you
already turnt!
You know it. She is carrying.
We are gonna
have so much fun tonight!
So can we get in?
Shush girl, we
are talking!
I just I need some adderall.
And I need a drink ticket.
-Mess.
-Double mess.
Pero like, y'all don't pay
just don't tell Merrie Cherry.
-Thank you hun!
-Have a good time!
See you inside!
Oh my God!
What are you all doing here?
Happy Enema Party boo.
Happy Enema Party, bye!
-Bitch, bye.
-Fuck off!
Why are you such a bitch?
Because I can and you're
a fucking freak, thats why. Bye.
She is really bitter.
I don't know why. She's got a
face that could ward off evil
spirits.
Anyway, I need a drink ticket!
My God, let's get you one. I
think Cunt Stanley has some, or
maybe a douche ticket because I
don't wanna pay for one and I
want to get douched with a
different flavor this time.
Oh! I had, I had
the best one! It was something
like a dog or--
Ooo! Ooo!
It's a Scooby doo-doo. Let's go!
Okay, I'll meet
you by the bar! Coke?
Oh no, I'm good.
No, you're good what?
No, I want some addy.
No, do you want
to go to the bar with me?
What?
Go find some addy honey,
I'll meet you at the bar.
Okay! Mwah!
Can I get a whiskey coke?
And uh--do you wanna
do a shot of ass juice with me?
Uhm. Excuse me!
¶DANCE MUSIC PLAYS¶
¶SCARY SYMPHONIC
MUSIC CREEPS IN¶
Weird.
Hey honey, you alright?
What? Yeah, I'm good.
Yeah, you
seem fucked up.
Yeah go get like a
douche or sit down or something.
Oh, hey girl!
This party is lit.
Honey, my ass tastes like a
church wafer dipped in tequila.
Oh honey I don't know what
flavors they are using in this
enema but it is the shit!
Okay? No pun intended.
Yasss!
Oh! Who are you?
What are you doing?
[DRAMATIC AMBIENCE OVER
STRUGGLED BREATHS]
Has anybody seen Danny?
We can't find him.
No, I haven't seen him in a
while but he did not look good.
I saw him for a second with
some guy, maybe he went home
with him.
-He wouldn't leave the party
without getting douched.
I think I know what happened. I
wasn't gonna say anything but I
saw someone put
something in his drink.
Wait what?
And then he took him outside.
JESS-JIZZ:
And you didn't do anything?
We have to find him now!
That is cold
Horse fag Foo...
even for you!
I'm gonna go find him.
Let me know if you see him first
Right, right.
GAYSON:
What just happened?
Hey did you see
who Danny left with?
Work, he already
left with somebody?
No, somebody
roofied him and took him away.
Where's Cholata?
I'll stay here and keep looking
around, Cunt Stanley, help me.
Ask everybody if you
know who he went with, okay?
Let's go!
No, no, no.
[MUFFLED CRIES
OVER DRAMATIC AMBIENCE]
FRIENDS:
Danny! Danny! Oh, shit!
[MUFFLED CRIES CONTINUE]
Shit!
Danny?
[CRIES CONTINUE]
Get the fuck off him!
[SIGHS OF STRUGGLE
OVER HARSH KICKING SOUNDS]
Guys. Guys! Stop!
Guys stop look.
He's not moving.
I think we killed him.
No way guys, look.
Holy fuck.
He deserved it!
Shut up Ben!
Oh shit, what are we gonna do?
Let's just move
the body over there.
Oh yeah for the garbage man to
pick him up tomorrow morning?
Like the
trash he is.
I don't want to!
I think that the
blood is in all of our hands!
Gayson is right. We're
all in this together.
Why don't we just drop it off in
front of the hospital?
Oh yeah, and drag it all the way
to the other side of Anusburg.
-Yeah!
-Jess! We ha---
We, we have to.
[DRAMATIC AMBIENCE CONTINUES]
Okay let's go.
Wait! Before we go we should
swear to never speak of this
moment again.
-We could all go to jail for
this and I know
some of you girls are real
loose-lipped bitches.
I agree.
Jess, come on.
We all paid attention to
the news for a few days to see
if anybody reported
anything but nobody did.
We assumed he was dead.
But he wasn't
and now he's back.
To get his revenge on us!
That's why I don't go out
anymore, the night scares me.
That night left a
permanent scar on my mind.
I still have nightmares.
I am so sorry
I asked about it earlier.
No worries. But that's it,
that's the story of how the
Killer Unicorn was born.
[KNOCKING]
That's probably everyone.
Right.
Girl, what is going on?
Yeah we had to,
like, run over here.
It was not cutie.
Shut up y'all.
Hey baby.
We need to talk.
Looks like
somebody's got a new puppy.
-Hey guys.
-Hi Pup.
What do you need?
I need to show you
something and it is not pretty.
Is there still shit on the
sheets from last night?
Girl they'e clean bottoms.
Their assholes sparkle.
Please, come look.
What the fuck?
[WARPED DISTORTED SOUNDS]
Havokk? What?
Guys, do you know what today is?
Yeah its the Brooklyn's Annual
Enema Party: Where you come get
douched and dance, it's also a
year to the date of
Oh my God, no!
Hold up, PuppyPup
you need to excuse us.
-He knows.
-You told him?
Of course I did. He woke up
to the severed head of a very
loud drag queen.
She was a very loud queen.
Oh my God do you think that
that's why the killer shoved
something down her throat?
It's because he wanted her to
shut up?
-Guys!
I figured it out! It's the guy
that was seen with Jess the
night she died,
with the unicorn mask.
How?
Well, I was talking to some guy
on Grindr and his profile
picture was that of a unicorn,
and then last night when we were
coming home we got attacked by a
guy in a unicorn mask.
What?
And then this morning he
texted me telling me he had a
gift for me in my closet.
Okay, I see where this is going
but let's leave the recap for
the late seaters,
what are we gonna do now?
We need to get in contact
with everyone who was there
And every body else, Lady Havokk
wasn't with us, but he is
obviously after the rest of us.
[PHONE BUZZING]
[DRAMATIC AMBIENCE CREEPS IN]
[DRAMATIC TECHNO
LIKE AMBIENCE CONTINUES]
The killer said he was going
to the party tonight, so we're
gonna go and use
me as bait so we can get him.
Wait, so you're
going to the party?
There has to
be a better way.
No! He's not going
to stop until he gets me.
I don't like this.
Well bitch, get ready
because I am going in a look.
Okay, then what do we do?
Well, he killed our sisters,
it's just fair we kill him too.
Okay, I'm like totally into
the whole killer unicorn thing.
-Right?
-Right, it's like a really cute
look for a killer.
-Sickening.
Well get ready because we
are slaying a unicorn tonight!
Slay!
-Fuck it up. Let's go.
[CITY NOISE]
[CITY NOISE AND
LIGHT DRAMATIC AMBIENCE]
[BUZZING]
[DRAMATIC AMBIENCE CONTINUES]
Hello, Mister Unicorn.
You wanna play?
[DRAMATIC AND EERIE AMBIENCE]
Oh my God, fuck this!
[INTENSIFIED DRAMATIC AMBIENCE]
[DRAMATIC AMBIENCE CONTINUES]
You don't fuck with my friends,
you don't fuck with my family,
and you certainly
don't fuck with my Danny.
Let's you like this asshole.
[GROANS]
What the fuck are you doing?
Stop it!
Where the fuck are you going?
Come back here
you motherfucker!
[DRAMATIC AMBIENCE CONTINUES]
¶PARTY MUSIC PLAYS¶
Okay, we know where
everyone is except for Mortimer,
she isn't responding.
-Do you think--
-Let's just hope not.
She's smart
she should be fine.
Are Puppy and
Cholata on the way?
-Yeah.
-Thank you for all of your help.
No worries
I've got an eye out for them.
Nobody's gonna die
at my gig tonight.
I love you so
much. Be careful.
I got you boo.
Now go in and kill that fucker.
Oh, bitch, we will.
HOSTESS:
Testies, testies,
one, two, three.
Am I  coming in queer?
Welcome to Brooklyn's
Annual Enema Party: Where you
come get douched and dance!
I'm your hostess with the
mostess, Isis Vermouth, are you
ready to clean your asses out?
AUDIENCE:
Yeah!!!
Are you ready
to fuck each other?
Yeah!!!
Let's do this fuckers.
Your
first performer of the night,
his asshole looks like a bulldog
eating mayonnaise, let's bring
to the stage Bareback Angel!
¶DANCE TECHNO MUSIC PLAYS¶
[CROWD CHEERING]
Oh my God. Hi baby!
Girl you made it,
let's get turnt!
No, listen, did
you see all of our posts?
Oh, about the
unicorn stuff, right?
I think that is hilarious I
cannot wait to see that
performance.
-No, no this is real!
-Wait, we need to get douched.
-Yes!
Honey, my ass is squeaky
clean and ready for some D!
Girl, this year's flavors are
everything. I'm still gagging.
Literally.
Let's get douched again!
Yes please, happy
Enema Party motherfuckers!
No, wait!
Wait GooGoo! Cunt!
It's ten dollars.
It's ten dollars girl.
If you're not paying
get the fuck, ahh!
[HIGH PITCHED SOUNDS]
GAYSON:
Hello? Hello?
Girl there's nobody
here let's just go in.
Boop. I'm down to not pay,
let's go before the door girl
gets back.
¶DANCE TECHNO MUSIC PLAYS¶
I think I'm gonna go get cleaned
out before the performances.
I'll catch you
guys in a minute.
Get it girl, have fun!
I don't see them.
-Let's split up.
-Said no one ever.
I'm gonna wait for Puppy and
Cholata, you guys go looking for
them.
Alright, come on, let's go.
So which one of you guys wants
to clean me out and fill me
right back up again.
Fuck! Doesn't anybody
wanna make me cum?
I guess I'll just
have to do it myself.
[DRAMATIC AMBIENCE FILLS]
Hey sexy.
Is that for me?
Hey, I only
wanna see your face.
Fuck.
You like it rough, huh?
Alright, give it to me.
Oh fuck yeah.
Oh. Oh yeah. Oh fuck.
Yeah. Oh.
That feels a little funny.
What flavor is this?
Is this Sriracha?
I love
Srira--Oh! Burns, no please!
Please take it out, take it out
it hurts please, no!
Oh no!
Oh my God!
No!
[SCREAMING CONTINUES]
[AMBIENCE STARTS TO
SLOWLY FADE OUT]
[KNOCKING]
Shut up queen,
it's just an enema!
Fucking bottom.
Sh--Look! They're right there by
the bathroom, and they have
blow...Okay.
-Let's go!
-Hi hun.
-Hi.
We need to talk,
you're in danger.
Bitch please, all of this
unicorn shit everyone is talking
about?
-No, listen.
I don't have time to listen
baby, I am here to have a good
time, and if bitches are getting
killed, that's on them.
Jess and Lady Havokk are dead
and I don't know where Ben and
Gayson and Lil Tim are.
Wait, dead?
Well, I never
like Lady Tragic anyway.
Have fun not getting killed
baby, see you on the flip side.
Fuck you! Oh my God.
What are we gonna do?
There's so many people here!
-Where's everybody else?
-They're looking for Ben and
Lil Tim. Have you
heard back from anybody else?
No, not even Mortimer.
What? What did the girl
at the door say?
-What girl?
-Yeah what girl?
There was no one at the door,
I assumed
she was sucking dick somewhere.
God, no. He's here!
-Chola darling! How are you?
-Hey baby, sorry I can't talk
to you right now.
-Wait, wait, wait. Do you have
any?
-Listen, I said stop!
I'm sober, I don't
do that shit anymore.
Hello Anusburg!
Are you ready for more shows?
Our next performer has a private
show at the Port Authority
men's restroom I don't
whether to call them a he, she
or an it, so let's just call
them shit, let's bring to the
stage Viva Section!
¶CLUB DANCE MUSIC PLAYS¶
[CROWD CONTINUES TO CHEER]
Oh my God.
[CROWD CHEERING INTENSELY]
No!
VIVA SECTION:
Who are you?
You're ruining my performance.
Get off my stage!
He said he
was performing for me.
Fuck, everyone
is dying because of me.
It's not your fault.
We're gonna get
out of here alive, I promise.
VIVA SECTION:
Security! Security! Security!
[GURGLING SOUNDS]
[CHEERING INTENSIFIES
OVER GURGLING SOUNDS]
¶MIDDLE-EASTERN
SOUNDING DANCE MUSIC PLAYS¶
That was good.
Fuck, that was them and
I don't think they know yet,
they just went to get douched.
-I'll go get them!
No, no, no, no, wait!
Did he just kill Viva?
Coke just went to find
Lil Tim and Ben, we gotta go!
You know what I love about you?
What?
Your fist.
What about it?
How thick is.
Yeah? Where do you want it?
Inside me.
-How much?
-All of it.
-All of it?
-The entire arm.
Fuck yeah.
[DRAMATIC SOUNDS CREEP IN]
Oh yeah.
Everyone out! The killer is
here. Look at Viva she is dead.
It's not safe here.
Let's get the fuck outta here!
-Girl, boop. Let's go.
Let's get the vodka, the gin.
I'm gonna grab this enema.
Get the--oh! Get the--Get the
rum, get the rum! Come on!
Go! Go!
[DRAMATIC HIGH PITCHED AMBIENCE]
Cheap queen!
Ooh! Damn that's
strong, sober my ass.
[HIGH PITCHED
AMBIENCE CONTINUES]
What is this shit?
What is this laced with?
[AMBIENCE SLOWLY FADES OUT]
¶DRAMATIC PIANO¶
[MOANING]
Fuck.
Yeah, I can feel
you in my throat.
[MOANING CONTINUES]
You like that?
You want in?
¶DRAMATIC PIANO CONTINUES¶
Oh yeah, choke me buddy.
¶PIANO MUSIC
INTENSIFIES WITH DARK HUMMING¶
[SHARP CUT SOUND]
Oh God!
[SCREAMING INTENSIFIES]
[CHOKING SOUNDS]
[LOW DRONING]
[DRONING CONTINUES]
COKE:
Ben!?
Little Tim come on.
Guys, come
on we gotta go.
[WARPED CINEMATIC HIT]
Fuck that shit!
[WARPED CINEMATIC
HITS INTENSIFY]
Girls can you help me get
everyone out of here
safe and sound?
I just can't believe
this unicorn shit is real.
Yeah girl are
you gonna help me or what?
Yeah, yeah, yeah I'm gonna help!
We gotta get
everyone out of here.
Fuck I forgot
my purse backstage!
Girl really?
Can you go grab it later?
-Let's get everyone out.
-No, no, no fuck these assholes.
I'm grabbing my bag
and then I'm out of here.
-Be careful baby.
-Text me if you survive.
Come on let's go.
[DRAMATIC AMBIENCE ENSUES]
[SIREN WAILING]
Fuck! Shit!
Shit.
Phone, keys, wallet,
adderall, knife, coke...
-Shit.
-Coke! Oh my God you scared the
shit out of me.
-He's after me.
What? Who?
He's--He's after me.
Why the fuck
would you bring him here?
I don't fucking know!
We gotta run.
-Take her!
-Okay that's kind of rude.
Well I didn't ask you to fucking
bring him here. Fuck you!
Please we're basically
the same!
I'm a horse, you're a Unicorn,
we're basically cousins.
Take this trash instead!
Oh shit.
[SIREN WAILING CONTINUES]
Oh, shit. Hey.
He--he has horse!
What? Oh my God go!
Get out of here!
Coke hurry the fuck up,
come on! Come on get out!
Oh, God damn it.
The door! The door!
-Oh no!
-The door closed.
Hey! Hey! Help!
Hello? Fuck.
[SIREN WAILING CONTINUES]
Oh shit.
[CINEMATIC HIT]
Oh shit. No! Oh my God please!
Please stop. No.
What is that? No please.
Please just let
me live. Please.
Oh my God no! No! No!
No! Oh my God!
Help!
Anyone! Help me please! Anybody!
Let me out! Help me! Help me.
Let's hide guys.
Come on behind the bar.
Behind the mirror.
[DRAMATIC STRINGS]
Call uh--call the promoter.
-Yeah I'm trying.
-Yeah what's his name again?
-Andrei?
-I thought it was Arturo.
MERRIE CHERRY:
Hey, girls.
-Mark?
-Hey Merrie.
Woah. Woah. Woah. Woah.
Door. Door, door, door!
Shit, no Merrie!
[SIREN WAILING CONTINUES]
What's up bitches?
Merrie Cherry in the house.
Let's do this!
[EERIE AMBIENCE]
Not my friend!
No!
[QUEENS SCREAMING]
Oooh.
This is some crazy
white people shit. I'm out!
Unicorns are
supposed to be nice.
It's crazy in there! Thanks for
letting a bitch know y'all.
-No!
-Duh!
You guys go.
It's me you want
Killer Unicorn, come and get me!
No!
Puppy we gotta
get out of here! Pup! Pup!
¶ORGAN LIKE MUSIC¶
¶BEATS FADE IN¶
[SIREN WAILING]
[HORRIFIC SCREAM]
¶DRAMATIC BEATS OVER
SIREN WAILING CONTINUE¶
¶WEIRD, CREEPY AND
DISTORTED SOUNDS PLAY¶
DISTORTED SOUNDS BUILD¶
¶ELECTRONIC SOUNDS PLAY¶
[DRAMATIC STRINGS]
[WARPED AND DISTORTED SOUNDS]
[LIGHT DRUMMING OVER
SOUNDS OF STRUGGLE]
Uh! Oh my. Uh. Uh. Uh.
[DRAMATIC AMBIENCE INCREASES]
Uh. Oh my.
[SIGNS OF STRUGGLE
AND DRAMATIC AMBIENCE INCREASE]
Oh my--
Fuck you!
Show me your face,
or say something.
Show me your fucking face!
If I'm what you wanted
why did you kill them all?
I am what you
wanted, aren't I?
What they did to you...
you deserved it.
Because
those bitches have my back.
and I've got theirs, and so
does every other faggot.
So keep coming for us!
[HARD HIT AND GRUNT SOUND]
[LOW HUMMING AND
DRAMATIC SOUNDS]
[LOW ANGELIC HUMMING CONTINUES
OVER DRAMATIC AMBIENCE]
[LOW HUMMING FADES]
[HAUNTING ANGELIC
SINGING CONTINUES]
Oh, hey girls, let's go
over here and see.
Oh there's Danny.
Hey Danny!
[DRAMATIC AMBIENCE]
Danny watch out!
[HARD HIT]
NO!
[HAUNTING ANGELIC
AMBIENCE CONTINUES]
¶DRAMATIC
ELECTRONIC BEATS FADE IN¶
[ORGAN SOUND]
Yeah!
[ORGAN POWERS DOWN]
Jamie Lee Curtis made
that look so much easier.
Who has a cigarette and a bump?
¶PUT IN A BUBBLE AND
I POP THAT ISH LIKE¶
¶ISH LIKE, ISH LIKE,
ISH LIKE, I--I--I--I--¶
¶PUT IN A BUBBLE AND
I POP THAT ISH LIKE¶
I POP THAT, POP THAT¶
¶SHUT YOU OUT, YOU A
BIG HOT MESS, GIRL¶
¶NO I'M NOT¶
¶NO IM NOT. PRRRR.¶
¶YOU CAN'T GET LIKE ME¶
¶ELECTRONIC MUSIC CONTINUES¶
¶GIRL¶
¶YOU CAN'T GET LIKE ME¶
¶INDISTINCT MUMBLING AND SOUNDS¶
¶PUT IN A BUBBLE AND
I POP THAT ISH LIKE¶
¶ISH LIKE, ISH LIKE,
ISH LIKE, I--I--I--¶
¶PUT IN A BUBBLE AND
I POP THAT ISH LIKE¶
I POP THAT, POP THAT¶
¶SHUT YOU OUT YOU A
BIG HOT MESS GIRL¶
¶NO I'M NOT¶
¶NO, IM NOT¶
¶PRRRR¶
¶YOU CAN'T GET LIKE ME¶
¶INDISTINCT SPEAKING AND SOUNDS¶
¶GIRL¶
¶INDISTINCT SPEAKING
AND SOUNDS CONTINUE¶
¶GIRL¶
¶YOU CAN'T GET LIKE ME¶
¶INDISTINCT SPEAKING
AND SOUNDS CONTINUE¶
¶ELECTRONIC MUSIC CUTS¶
¶PUT IN A BUBBLE AND
I POP THAT ISH LIKE¶
¶ISH LIKE, ISH LIKE, ISH LIKE¶
MERRIE CHERRY:
Oh shit!
I have one question,
why didn't anyone call the cops?
Oh man, its crazy. It's crazy!
Ive got to get out of here!
Hello?
DIRECTOR:
Cut.